you guys got potions so even where my
god an infernal spawn well okay we
probably can cut this the first one but
we can all cross our fingers and hope
the next one is well in Inferno and then
you take it and you see 601 infernal
great this is like alright well as you
can probably tell from the conversation
just now I'm interviewing these two guys
right after they just played each other
and we can talk a little bit about the
game but more just I don't know you guys
really liked the moment we're reckless
showed up in the other interview so now
we're gonna do a longer interview just
about them talking alright so first time
you guys just played against each other
reckless are you you were down to do
this even though Peter just beat you
that's a that's a good sport how did
that game go for both of you guys like I
mean alright I don't know how much of it
was decided in the bot lane versus
elsewhere or like if you feel like you
got Peter at one point in time but still
lost I think the game was over before it
started honestly like just just in terms
of fixed in bands the enemy team had to
to be too mid was karma graves so then
like our mid to be to hold off miles
apart we'll just kill anyone that they
come to so we kind of knew before they
gave me one started that we were gonna
like kind of pressure out their mid and
then look for like top or bottom dive
and then it just happened like I don't
think there's really much you can do
other than like whenever what is it like
for you guys getting a chance to play
here because everybody always loves you
guys is maybe the most popular ad C's in
your region and maybe the best but often
times because the way that League format
is you can't play that often so it's
like hype for you guys to play each
other or you just sort of like whatever
or is it as it as exciting as all the
the fans think is
okay that's Heather somebody we put
against each other a lot I think it's
pretty cool that you're so good after so
long like season two everyone was
talking about you and like season three
it was like oh dude I can't wait til
this poo shoe guy gets kicked so
reckless gonna finally play but it's
like season seven now dude oh it's easy
now what Lily oh my god it sees it eight
that is the same for you I mean you're
longer for you yeah but we were like
basically the same time area like yeah
we've been playing against each other a
long time yeah no I don't mind it's just
it's just MSI you know that's that's
that's it for me kind of so I don't
really care who I play against I just
know I have to win yeah that's pretty
much it like I just have to do a good
job and win and since I haven't really
done that it's been a tough tournament
for me so when we drop a game to liquid
as well it obviously doesn't help yeah I
don't think I could have done much no
game as double it said before it was a
hard game for us kind of split up and
draft and then they just took over and
then the drake state needed had
Choquette for the baron so it was was
pretty much no counter play we were
lucky I think to even kill you guys once
like we got it yeah another with no
passive yeah and then I was wants me
that's well we killed you and then we
tried to do Nash without the jungler so
it's kind of an off game for us yeah
yeah which is a shame because now that
opens up I got this from my cell is a
shame because now you guys can actually
be Dustin and go through yeah more
orangey can use ear to so oh between
fnatic orangey and Team Liquid only one
of us is going to go to a tough one to
two yeah yeah he boss is out how do you
guys think oh you're right you're right
two of us are gonna go okay what's this
most likely between us two okay I don't
think orangey are going to go so but I
don't know I mean do you guys get a
chance to talk to each other whenever
you know you guys aren't competing
against each other do you guys talk it
all on skype or is it only really in
these moments where you guys get a
chance to like hang out and talk to each
other I think in beginning we talked a
little bit
yeah it's just been whenever we meet
literally there's like no time to like
talk about like we're always just
looking practicing anyways on top teams
too so we practice the most if you're on
the best team and you don't to help each
other yeah true you wanna but you guys
aren't it's like oftentimes there's not
even time for you later yeah but you
want to be the hero you know them was
the West so yes he might become the hero
I want to be the next adventure okay I
see we don't even we gotta play each
other once a year yeah why it's just
nice one yeah you feel you do feel
competition against double effect yeah
for the best ad in the West yeah I know
this tournament is kind of sad times for
both of us so yeah I know it's really
the best of the worst actually though
like now I'm screwed because event came
to my region so there's nobody into you
anymore
good luck but I I you know I think Sven
is great and all that but he's never
been like forgiving kind of guy where
he's just like miles above everyone else
or like goosey kind of guy where it's
much above everyone else
so I don't know if you fear him or
anything but when he played in my region
at least I wasn't necessarily like I
don't hear his hands I fear his brain
and everything's been mostly actually
yeah it was kind of saying let me play
g2 before when they had them they were
just really good as a team but it wasn't
like super hard to lane or yeah yeah but
they're doing specific it's just wait is
forgiving random question is Freeman
actually that good in line I only played
against him like once he used to be but
I think he I mean now he doesn't play so
it makes sense that it's not that great
anymore but when he used to play he was
was really insane my goosy kind of
insane but when after I guess I mean I'm
in soloqueue solty right but when I
played against him in soloqueue
it's the last two years or so it's kind
of being not the same feeling anymore
yeah yeah I don't know I mean you
probably got don't do it but yeah that's
what we did any for we just didn't get
that much better since he didn't play
right yes but I think if you put in the
hours he would probably have a similar
feeling I think it's interesting because
you have forgiving kind of as your arch
nemesis the way it's been played out but
like Peter Peters arch nemesis is
probably should be sneaky but stick just
could care about it looks like big
dreams and three
and so like if Peter doesn't really
worry about anything
yeah imagine if we're given dressed up
as like a pizza girl you know like I
would probably fear my I don't know I
can't hear anything in any you mean
furball so he wasn't even top three I
wasn't yeah he was voted not on the top
three eighty carries of this past year
for the split
actually it's briefest yes sometimes a
lucky son I was the best you're talking
to had you're talking it's waiting MEP
you are the only car team all-pro saying
I'll probably talk to you and talk three
of each positions you were not there I
wasn't even there dude I'm so bad
wait who was there so decent honest
number one yeah could you send them I
think yeah you don't even have to worry
it's Cody's yeah I'll make sure to tell
everyone who's the better one after
their no pressure but fair I'll judgment
I've haven't been gotten to be too
killed alternate except by reckless yeah
how about them to the to feels like
really yeah yeah we realize now by the
way there's a lot of times where Peter
used to complain about it more publicly
I think he doesn't do as much publicly
where he complained about a DC as a role
just certain splits or whatever reaches
like well I do nothing but farm and hang
out or whatever do you feel frustrated
with a DC frequently often or do you
like the roller you like okay with it
mmm-hmm across things like a couple of
years now but I think so I think it's
like this if you don't play well with
your team you're absolutely useless like
actually a liability for your team
because the other guys probably plays
well with his team and
that kind of makes it roll Opie I think
if you play well with your team well
with your support with your mommy jumbo
pressure then it carries like most
important role but if you don't do
anything then you're actually useless
yes sir
so look you most of the time is really
annoying but I think for competitive
it's nice like a nice role puts a lot
responsibility on you so I can
understand you away someone pipes up
like you or me or who's Eeyore so Betty
from this tournament because all of us
are supposed to be like shining lights
of our teams yeah do you agree with it
Peter that assessment of ABCs yeah it's
really team reliant like because if you
if you play Sol EQ and you have like 300
CS to 25 minutes that it just never
happens like it you just can't because
there's so much like your teammates are
always gonna come and like they're gonna
mess up they're not gonna defend your
tower they're not gonna defend you when
they should so you have to give up farms
and then you fall behind or like like
your mid laner doesn't know or your top
laner is know when to swap so you just
fall behind in farm but like it's
competitive you can I think you can do a
lot more as ad carry but it took people
a really long time to kind of like think
about that like oh if ad carry gets a
lot of gold in farm then it's probably
the most efficient way but that's what
the meta is right now at MSI at least
and it just took everyone a super long
time actually for everything that's
awesome we have caps caps is like dat
carry I'm just hang out I'm curious
reckless is there any specific part of
ADC that you're you think you're better
at than Peter be honest as to playing a
mobster think Lane was kind of even both
times
maybe you've entered a little bit into
the first game and I didn't really
intend taking it but I mean that a lot
of games is tournament so it's hard for
me to like also alpha teams because you
can just throw it back at me
really good I think definitely through a
lot of games yeah but generally speaking
you guys don't feel like one of you is
likes better at positioning things were
used to be you be more aggressive than
me being
focus on the farming team fighting parts
yeah I think I play much like it used to
be where everyone would like to make fun
of you for like like just not doing
damage or something and then they would
make fun of me for like just running in
and dying and it died like 1v5 jumping
in but yeah I think we both you can't
really do those kind of mistakes and
still be the best this way
reckless how long do you think Peters
gonna keep playing because he's really
old now which is so funny get out of
here I'm 24 oh my god depends on how I
feel I guess where you were me for
example I'm more motivated now than
probably ever so I don't really see like
I'm some a year old
yeah before okay so I think after spring
split last year I was considering maybe
it's my time so then I played whirls and
I realized I want to win so I signed it
three-year deal yeah and now obviously I
want to win everything this tournament
having won that well for me so I
realized to have a lot of things to work
on for the next international tournament
there's gonna be world so you'll make it
there yeah which we should we have a lot
of points to the next yeah rivals for us
it's just this new land and maybe try
some hell yeah let's go thank you it
announced you so you're on record saying
you used not gonna try hard for rift
rival no I'm gonna try from a life it's
just chicken waffles the Torah doesn't
mean anything so it's like you can feel
bad about for a week but then when you
come back in play or LCS split you
realize that why did I just slice LA
yeah and you probably like actually for
us it was like when winners lose like I
just want to go home that's how we felt
and the worst part you have to go home
and then play the LCS bit again
yeah and have everyone flame you if you
lose and no one praised you if you win
so it's like the worst ever actually
like at least add a little bit of money
for us or something like give me a skin
nor
sound of our peeps yeah you guys have my
rift arrivals trophy in your Lobby here
by the way did you know that what I have
no idea why I just tweeted it cuz I walk
over and it's like in this cases if you
want it wait take it take it back yeah
no I didn't why would we take it I don't
know they didn't give it to us what just
kept it but you get to take their nails
yes rocky right yeah but I don't know
what happened we just want because we
don't get to keep the EU LCS trophy
you don't yeah we don't I think we'll
only recently did they I think they
started making like new ones so they
could get personalized before the team
no that's for the team because I
remember when we played all starts with
a personalized roomie oh that was sick
yeah yeah that was so sick but then all
starts to use in rows at the NA LCS
studio and it's the Serie so I'm like
sleeping during yeah
really oh my god so one thing I do
really quickly want to go back to is you
you mentioned how you were thinking
about retiring or that maybe you were
just gonna be done after last spring
split yeah it's funny because he took
last spring split off oh yeah and then
you I think Peter decided that he like
definitely didn't want to retire after
that right oh yeah yeah that that time I
was just like man I can't wait to get I
was watching an LCS and I was just like
wow I would just on everyone if I
was just motivated like I would
definitely be better than everyone else
and then streaming just got so boring so
fast it's like the only thing that I
know I took some time off to like
everyone else went to Korea from my team
and I just sat at home thinking what I
wanted to do and I read I say don't sit
at home so yeah yeah I tried space
summer I was super motivated I had a
really good split when I'm ap like world
where dice like win the whole thing if I
was a little bit better or my team was
good was better and you told me all
motivation honestly you told me it all
stars this past year I think that you
I'm getting this time to wrap it up you
told me it all started past year that
you thought about playing in Korea yeah
before you signed your deal or China or
China before you signed your deal with
fnatic again and Peter I think around
the same time as he was concerned maybe
this was winning really 20 or 90
something you considered going to Korea
or China yeah I was actually no joke I
was gonna do an SKT not the one that won
World so the other one yesterday yeah
yeah so why I mean both you guys decided
to stay in two regions which no
disrespect to North America or Europe I
got kind of forced because that injured
he gets me off first
okay yeah let's say I decided to stay in
there I mean if nothing is super nice
you know but I think if I have a choice
to play for help I feel free yeah
Eastern team I will probably go for it I
think just experience would be already
worth it yeah well better chance at
winning world you don't think you'd be
miserable like living in a country where
you don't really understand language and
like maybe in the beginning from home
but I think like let's say after a year
you learned language a little bit to get
this whole new experience of another
world another like infrastructure
feeling of players new servers and all
that I think it would just be like wow
wow
you'd also be the first employee yeah
that's cool too I know I just I just
felt like like my growing in Europe is
maybe not as fast as it would be yeah if
I went somewhere else and experienced
some new stuff so I haven't taught them
a would be like fine maybe not in the
long run but like good money Europe
actually don't think it's much
difference anymore yeah maybe like the
best of the best earn more diamonds but
I think if you compare me to like
average any else's prayer I probably
learn more so you think you makes a
double if money no I'm probably missing
out but I just thought like just you
know movie somewhere else actually
anyway no a no na but TSM looked on
paper like insane yeah at least with my
roster then when I wasn't yeah you so
you were gonna kick Peter out of the
spot it's already gone in my head yeah I
know everyone
in there I don't know what happened
either I don't want to talk about it but
I don't know what happened it's a case
to share with like a good player I don't
want to do anyone know that every other
or yeah they went the final day what
your finals are any other time okay so I
have to wrap this up normally I say is
there anything that you guys want to say
to your fans
I'll just keep it super corny is there
anything you guys would say to each
other here at the end could be anything
I walked up and just landed yeah you
just walked up and you just
three shot me good well great way to in
it in the interview thank you guys so
much for doing this
for everyone else you can check out this
my coverage of all things eSports MSA
right here on my youtube channel hey
everyone I I know that these are
normally more of a joke or meme or
whatever but I do want to just give a
heartfelt thank you for supporting my
trip over here a lot of you guys have
hit up the patreon page or the support
page and that is kind of lessening the
blow of the costs doing this I know
North America is not doing too well but
I still I'm really happy that I'm here
and creating all the different content
for you guys and a lot of you maybe are
just liking or subscribing to the
channel or just leaving nice comments
and that stuff is actually really really
helpful as well you know even in a world
where you you don't want to hit up the
patreon or the support page just doing
something like that means a lot to me so
thank you so much